All right, so
the next one we're gonna do is a super fun
layout that is taken from my real life.
I actually worked this problem for
one of my employers.
So this is going to be a team page,
where we're going to have pictures
of the people on our team,
we're gonna make them round, okay?
And then we have these icons here that are
gonna go to their various social media.
And underneath that we have their name and
their title, okay?
Notice that some people have three icons,
some have two, that one has one, okay?
So there are all kinds of different
numbers of icons here on these images.
And so that is pretty much the primary
goal of this particular layout,
is to try to achieve this right here,
okay?
Then after that, we have additional
layouts associated with that.
We basically put two in a row, and
then on desktop, we put three on a row.
So that should be pretty easy for
you at this point in time.
But achieving the layouts
here in the middle,
how do we get these icons
here on top of the image?
That is more difficult,
does anybody have any suggestions or
observations about what we see here?
>> So z-indexing?
>> There's a z-index property that
might be involved, right, what else?
And what does the z-index property do?
>> Words, the depth of the image and
whatever elements you're putting on there
>> Yeah,
moving things in and out of the screen.
So we need to make sure that our icons are
on top of the image, not behind it, right?
Okay, what else?
>> Absolute positioning on the icons.
Okay, so that becomes tricky.
How many of you know about
absolute positioning?
No clue, awesome, okay, great.
Well, we'll talk about that.
Other observations,
how do we make images into circles?
Anybody have an idea of how to
make an image into a circle?
>> Border radius.
>> Border radiuses.
>> One.
>> [LAUGH]
>> You know that trick.
Border radius of 50%, right?
And that assumes that we
start with a square image,
what happens if we put on a border
radius of 50% on a rectangular image?
[INAUDIBLE]
>> He'll get an egg, right?
One way or the other you get an egg.
[LAUGH] Make sense?
If it doesn't, you should find yourself
a rectangular image and try it out, okay?
Fortunately, I've done that work for
you, I've made them squares, okay?
>> Could you use the objects,
what we're learning about before?
>> You absolutely could.
>> Okay.
Okay, what else about this?
Anybody wanna make
a comment on the markup?
>> Are you gonna have links inside of it?
>> Absolutely, those icons all have to
have links that are gonna go somewhere,
right?
Which I have said to you,
you don't have to really spend
a whole lot of time on that.
But in real life, they would absolutely
have links that would go to Instagram,
LinkedIn, or Mastodon, what else?
Okay, so if we think about
our figure element again,
the figure element is designed to group
a whole bunch of things together, right?
So if we have a figure element,
we have our image of the person, right,
inside of the figure, well,
what would go in our figure caption?
>> Is it the name and the title?
>> Person's name, their titles, and
all of the links to the social
media in those icons, right?
All that goes in the figure caption.
And then we're gonna use absolute
positioning to move things out of there.